Readme.md, before:

# The Deep Nether (modding template for Minetest)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/treer/amidstest/screenshots/150px-Minetest-logo.png" align="right" />

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This is a demonstration of how to add more realms to the [Nether](https://github.com/minetest-mods/nether) ("nether layers") or to replace the existing Nether mapgen. Enabling multiple different nether layer mods together will create multiple realms layered deeper and deeper. This mod acts as a starting template so you can hit the ground running. 

It's ~400 lines of lua code which when installed allows a portal made of hewn basalt to be opened (the basalt can be obtained by reaching Mantle region in the Nether - there are islands of basalt in the lava ocean there which can be crafted into hewn basalt). These portals lead to a Nether-like realm the mod creates below the existing Nether.

Rather than taking you up to the surface, a hewn basalt portal opened in the Deep Nether will only take you back to the Nether.

The realm this mod creates is kept simple. Fork and adapt it, make it richer, make it your own.

**Mod dependencies:** [Nether](https://github.com/minetest-mods/nether) v3.1+

**Minetest version:** v5.2+

**Screenshots:**

![default](screenshot.jpg)

Commit message:

minor cleanup
adds CC BY-SA 4.0 to the text and media even though there's no text or media that a fork will need to keep, but perhaps it will encourage forks to keep licences clear.

Readme.md, after:

# The Deep Nether (modding template for Minetest)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/treer/amidstest/screenshots/150px-Minetest-logo.png" align="right" />

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![License: CC BY-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

This is a demonstration of how to add more realms to the [Nether](https://github.com/minetest-mods/nether) (i.e. "nether layers") or to replace the existing Nether mapgen. Enabling multiple different nether layer mods together will create multiple realms layered deeper and deeper. This mod acts as a starting template so you can hit the ground running. 

It's ~400 lines of lua code which when installed allows a portal made of hewn basalt to be opened (the basalt can be obtained by reaching the Mantle region in the Nether - there are islands of basalt in the lava ocean there which can be crafted into hewn basalt). These portals lead to a Nether-like realm the mod creates below the existing Nether.

Rather than taking you back to the surface, a hewn basalt portal opened in the Deep Nether will only take you back to the Nether.

The realm this mod creates is kept simple. It's a template: fork and adapt it, make it richer, make it your own project.

**Mod dependencies:** [Nether](https://github.com/minetest-mods/nether) v3.1+

**Minetest version:** v5.2+

**Screenshots:**

![default](screenshot.jpg)

**License:**
[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for code & config, [Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) for text and media.
